README.md, before:

# 🔖 Polly - Interactive Polling Application

Polly is a modern web application for creating, sharing, and participating in polls. It's designed for communities, teams, and individuals who need a simple, intuitive platform to gather instant feedback and opinions from their audience.

## ✨ Features

- **User Authentication:** Secure user registration and login.
- **Poll Management:** Create, view, and edit your own polls.
- **Interactive Voting:** Participate in polls by casting votes on different options.
- **Real-time Results:** View the results of polls after voting.
- **Admin Dashboard:** Manage users and moderate content.

### User Roles and Permissions

- **Regular User:** Can register, log in, create polls, vote on polls, and view results.
- **Admin User:** Has all the permissions of a regular user, plus the ability to manage users (view, edit, delete) and moderate content.

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

- **Programming Language:** TypeScript
- **Framework:** Next.js (with React)
- **Backend & Database:** Supabase
- **Styling:** Tailwind CSS
- **UI Components:** Shadcn/UI
- **Testing:** Jest, React Testing Library
- **Formatting:** Prettier
- **Package Manager:** npm

## 📂 Project Structure

The project is organized into the following directories:

```
/
├── app/                # Next.js App Router pages and components
│   ├── admin/          # Admin-only pages (e.g., user management)
│   ├── auth/           # Authentication pages (login, register)
│   ├── components/     # Shared React components
│   ├── polls/          # Poll-related pages (create, view, edit)
│   └── services/       # Business logic and data access
├── context/            # React context providers (e.g., AuthContext)
├── lib/                # Core utilities, type definitions, and Supabase client
├── public/             # Static assets
└── ...                 # Configuration files
```

## 🚀 Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js (v20.x or later)
- npm
- A Supabase project

### Installation

1.  **Clone the repository:**
    ```bash
    git clone <repository-url>
    cd alx-polly
    ```

2.  **Install dependencies:**
    ```bash
    npm install
    ```

3.  **Set up environment variables:**
    Create a `.env.local` file in the root of the project and add your Supabase project URL and anon key:
    ```
    NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_URL=your-supabase-project-url
    NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY=your-supabase-anon-key
    ```

4.  **Run the development server:**
    ```bash
    npm run dev
    ```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

## 🧠 AI Integration Strategy

This project will leverage AI, specifically through IDE/CLI agents, to accelerate development, improve code quality, and maintain high-quality documentation.

### Code Generation

I will use AI to scaffold new features and components. This includes:
- **Component Scaffolding:** Generating boilerplate for new React components, including props, state management, and basic JSX structure.
- **API Route Generation:** Creating new API endpoints in Next.js, including request/response types and basic logic for interacting with the Supabase backend.
- **Feature Prototyping:** Quickly building out new features, such as a user profile page or a poll results dashboard, which can then be refined.

### Code Refactoring

- **Simplifying Complex Functions:** Identifying and refactoring overly complex functions into smaller, more manageable pieces.
- **Improving Readability:** Suggesting changes to improve code readability and maintainability, such as renaming variables or extracting magic numbers into constants.
- **Performance Optimizations:** Analyzing code to identify performance bottlenecks and suggest optimizations, such as more efficient data fetching or rendering strategies.

### Testing

AI will be a key partner in ensuring the application is robust and reliable.
- **Unit Test Generation:** Creating Jest tests for individual functions and components, ensuring that business logic is correct. For example, generating tests for a service function like `poll-service.ts`.
- **Integration Test Scaffolding:** Generating integration test templates that can be filled in to test user flows, such as creating a poll or casting a vote.
- **Test Refinement:** Analyzing existing tests to suggest improvements, add more edge cases, and increase overall test coverage.

### Documentation

AI will help maintain clear and comprehensive documentation.
- **Docstrings & Inline Comments:** Generating JSDoc comments for functions and clarifying complex code blocks with concise inline comments.
- **README Maintenance:** Assisting in updating this `README.md` with new features, architectural changes, and setup instructions.

### Context-Aware Techniques

To ensure the AI generates accurate and relevant code, I will provide it with specific context:
- **API & Schema Definitions:** Supplying the AI with the Supabase database schema or API specifications to generate correct data-access code.
- **File Trees & Code Snippets:** Providing the project's file structure or the content of relevant files (`lib/types.ts`, `app/polls/[id]/page.tsx`, etc.) to give the AI a clear understanding of the existing codebase.
- **Diffs for Refactoring:** When refactoring code, I will provide a `git diff` to the AI, allowing it to understand the proposed changes and provide more accurate suggestions or implementations.

Commit message:

docs: update README with recent enhancements and features
Add details about new comment feature and document recent technical improvements including hydration fixes, form handling, component issues, UI integration, and database schema consistency.

README.md, after:

# 🔖 Polly - Interactive Polling Application

Polly is a modern web application for creating, sharing, and participating in polls. It's designed for communities, teams, and individuals who need a simple, intuitive platform to gather instant feedback and opinions from their audience.

## ✨ Features

- **User Authentication:** Secure user registration and login.
- **Poll Management:** Create, view, and edit your own polls.
- **Interactive Voting:** Participate in polls by casting votes on different options.
- **Real-time Results:** View the results of polls after voting.
- **Comment on polls:** Engage in discussions by adding comments to polls.
- **Admin Dashboard:** Manage users and moderate content.

### User Roles and Permissions

- **Regular User:** Can register, log in, create polls, vote on polls, and view results.
- **Admin User:** Has all the permissions of a regular user, plus the ability to manage users (view, edit, delete) and moderate content.

## 🚀 Recent Enhancements

This section summarizes the key improvements and fixes implemented recently:

- **Resolved Hydration Errors:** Addressed and fixed multiple instances of nested `<a>` tags causing hydration mismatches in Next.js components.
- **Improved Form Handling:** Corrected `react-hook-form` integration by ensuring proper `FormProvider` usage and updating form field references in authentication pages.
- **Fixed Component Import/Export Issues:** Resolved `ReferenceError` and `TypeError` related to undefined components by ensuring correct import paths and component exports (e.g., `Toaster` component, `MenuIcon`).
- **Enhanced UI Component Integration:** Ensured `shadcn/ui` components are used idiomatically with `next/link` and `react-hook-form` for better accessibility and functionality.
- **Database Schema Consistency:** Identified and provided a solution for a missing foreign key constraint between the `comments` and `users` tables in the Supabase schema.

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

- **Programming Language:** TypeScript
- **Framework:** Next.js (with React)
- **Backend & Database:** Supabase
- **Styling:** Tailwind CSS
- **UI Components:** Shadcn/UI
- **Testing:** Jest, React Testing Library
- **Formatting:** Prettier
- **Package Manager:** npm

## 📂 Project Structure

The project is organized into the following directories:

```
/
├── app/                # Next.js App Router pages and components
│   ├── admin/          # Admin-only pages (e.g., user management)
│   ├── auth/           # Authentication pages (login, register)
│   ├── components/     # Shared React components
│   ├── polls/          # Poll-related pages (create, view, edit)
│   └── services/       # Business logic and data access
├── context/            # React context providers (e.g., AuthContext)
├── lib/                # Core utilities, type definitions, and Supabase client
├── public/             # Static assets
└── ...                 # Configuration files
```

## 🚀 Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js (v20.x or later)
- npm
- A Supabase project

### Installation

1.  **Clone the repository:**
    ```bash
    git clone <repository-url>
    cd alx-polly
    ```

2.  **Install dependencies:**
    ```bash
    npm install
    ```

3.  **Set up environment variables:**
    Create a `.env.local` file in the root of the project and add your Supabase project URL and anon key:
    ```
    NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_URL=your-supabase-project-url
    NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY=your-supabase-anon-key
    ```

4.  **Run the development server:**
    ```bash
    npm run dev
    ```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

## 🧠 AI Integration Strategy

This project will leverage AI, specifically through IDE/CLI agents, to accelerate development, improve code quality, and maintain high-quality documentation.

### Code Generation

I will use AI to scaffold new features and components. This includes:
- **Component Scaffolding:** Generating boilerplate for new React components, including props, state management, and basic JSX structure.
- **API Route Generation:** Creating new API endpoints in Next.js, including request/response types and basic logic for interacting with the Supabase backend.
- **Feature Prototyping:** Quickly building out new features, such as a user profile page or a poll results dashboard, which can then be refined.

### Code Refactoring

- **Simplifying Complex Functions:** Identifying and refactoring overly complex functions into smaller, more manageable pieces.
- **Improving Readability:** Suggesting changes to improve code readability and maintainability, such as renaming variables or extracting magic numbers into constants.
- **Performance Optimizations:** Analyzing code to identify performance bottlenecks and suggest optimizations, such as more efficient data fetching or rendering strategies.

### Testing

AI will be a key partner in ensuring the application is robust and reliable.
- **Unit Test Generation:** Creating Jest tests for individual functions and components, ensuring that business logic is correct. For example, generating tests for a service function like `poll-service.ts`.
- **Integration Test Scaffolding:** Generating integration test templates that can be filled in to test user flows, such as creating a poll or casting a vote.
- **Test Refinement:** Analyzing existing tests to suggest improvements, add more edge cases, and increase overall test coverage.

### Documentation

AI will help maintain clear and comprehensive documentation.
- **Docstrings & Inline Comments:** Generating JSDoc comments for functions and clarifying complex code blocks with concise inline comments.
- **README Maintenance:** Assisting in updating this `README.md` with new features, architectural changes, and setup instructions.

### Context-Aware Techniques

To ensure the AI generates accurate and relevant code, I will provide it with specific context:
- **API & Schema Definitions:** Supplying the AI with the Supabase database schema or API specifications to generate correct data-access code.
- **File Trees & Code Snippets:** Providing the project's file structure or the content of relevant files (`lib/types.ts`, `app/polls/[id]/page.tsx`, etc.) to give the AI a clear understanding of the existing codebase.
- **Diffs for Refactoring:** When refactoring code, I will provide a `git diff` to the AI, allowing it to understand the proposed changes and provide more accurate suggestions or implementations.
